autoregression

TODO:
	X add graphing utility to new super regression
	X plot one var splines if continuous
	X add Partial Dependence Plots
	X Add autopipeline to data
	X remove empty univariate graphs, empty bc of the 2 variable case 
	X (detect number of cont varables ahead of time)
	X some error in the partial depednecy plot
	X offer a random samling of the data
	X? for categorical variables make PREDICTEDS VS ACTUALS A ROC curve
	make alpha relative to number of rows
	O put cleandata.py, and galgraphs.py in autoregression
	X toggle univariate
	X turn off univariate plot for binary cases
	O Add relative importances of DT and RF.
	X take the log of the bar graph errors
	O Add jitter to the compare prediction in the binary case
	X Add bootstrap to 'shaped_plot_partial_dependences' a-la 'plot_partial_dependences'
	X add boosting
	X Plot residuals
	X Decide if categorical column (non int or float) has too many categories, then drop column.
	Orefactor graphing tools
	O Add other method plottings: (Significance factors)
	O Plot Lasso Regression variables
	O add kept lasso regression variables back in (how many do we keep?!) to other datasets
	X Add 'take 10% sample first' and maybe even 1%
	O add nlp if longgggg string
	O add image processing (with that simple regression thing) if matrixes of equal size
	O Make barplots into violin plots
	O Add gridsearch to change scoring function
	O make PREDICTEDS VS ACTUALS into a scatter plot for the categorical variable case
	O Add coeff bootstrap plot to continuous varible: gets "ValueError: could not broadcast input array from shape (32) into shape (1)" error
	------
	X Add ability to clean data!
	X Test current regression against simple linear case
	- Trouble shoot shitty regression
		- look at coeffs
		- look at features
	Finish testing case study regression
	X add ability to handle only continous variables
	only ability to handle only categories variables
	X add ability to handle regressions
	- add ability to handle categorical results in y column
	X Make ALL THE GRAPH
	X graph the coeffs
	- make testing ability
	- detect loads of text, nlp it. 
	X make graphs?
	X Remove splines from multiuse?
	X Create testing environment
	X Compare regressions
	- Handle/drop dates
	- Handle units?
	X Remove data leakage from N/A or INF results in the answers. DROP THOSE COLUMNS INSTEAD.
	- Try one data set
	- Try lasso
	- Remove standarization for y
	X need to make a separate parameter for the 1000 year old cases
	- make it's own test set
	- offer changes to plotting_tools from the changes in galgraphs: the tools are more generalized this way. (Or at least the ability to handle new cases)
Writeup:

It is well known that data scientists spend 90% of their time cleaning data. That leaves a 1.8billion dollars on the table for the one who can automatically clean a dataset. 